gambling presents
So what
gul'dan we will give in return
all that is
confidently set foot on your favorite territory
Star Trek doctor who and comics from
disie
developers from blizzard pushed in
one story two alternative
reality as you probably remember
Warcraft story began with the invasion
orcish hordes to azerot and warlords of
draenor horde again threatens the world is misled
the alternative past garrosh hellish
scream prevents fateful deal
orcs with demons and then implants among
fellow tribesmen modern
military technology they themselves conclude
building a dark portal and prepare
from rush to Azeroth to better
imagine the scale of the threat
imagine the Tatar-Mongol yoke
whom you gave chemical weapons and
nuclear bomb
in the morning
the reason for going back is incredible
successful this year warcraft series
turned 20 years and a year later
film about the events of the very first game and
new addition not only plays on
nostalgia fans but also lays the base
for those who do not know why everything
started off
well, new stories followed and
new game mechanics in mist of
pandaria
you had a small farm where you
grew radish and tried
maintain friendly relations with
neighbors here you are responsible for the whole
city for its industrial and military
activity
you give your subordinates an assignment
ugrami fight for honor and money
or let's say grow herbs for potions
the garden
you decide what to build in the garrison
was it worth or is there a jewelry boutique
the city grows and develops with you
wooden buildings are replaced by stone
nearby mine gets deeper a
ore veins are richer
you are settled new allies and old
familiar even your faithful doggie sperm and
task for your wards
one of the main incentives daily
return to the game the garrison becomes
so self-sufficient base for
operations
that you simply don't want to get out of it
here and ore and grass and pru for fishing
banker auction everything you need can even
build an arena for pvp
however, before you get involved
garrison is to pass the story
in relation to filing performance she
perhaps the best in the history of the world
warcraft most assignments
arranged correctly and with meaning
they flow smoothly into one another
it seems like the writers are leading by the hand
you on an amusement park skipping out
the queues for each are all united by a common
the subject of the research of draenor is the search for new
allies disclosing the weak points of the enemy
preparation for the final battle here on
every step is reminded of the universal enemies
and in full involve in what is happening
every little bit important event
accompanied by a full-fledged spectacular
roller and that the head was spinning
playing regularly adds new ones
buildings and tasks in the garrison prompting
take breaks and go back home
the main feeling of both the plot and
games upon reaching level 100 world of
warcraft matured
not just loop rudiments here at everything
it makes sense
each element has its own role
some minor accident on
verification is often thought out
part of the gameplay reward for your
the enthusiasm and curiosity of the texts are almost
lost jokes and humor and references
pop culture has become much more subtle
for very rare but accurate
Except even central women
characters are no longer walking around
half-dressed as chris metzen said
close 2014 my daughter was always in
delighted with the dragons but looking
the ending of the cataclysm took an interest
why are they all human
half naked and in bathing suits and I could not find
with the answer
that
the local visual range is unambiguous
the triumph of designers and art director of over
the limitations of the ancient engine
in warlords of draenor for the first time
add-ons history did not add new ones
classes and races
but pulled up the existing models
heroes to modern standards
diversifies facial expressions and traced
normal hands with fingers
with this character magically
remained recognizable hellish peninsula
the flame became the Tanaan jungle
zangartop
for Angarsk sea grant remained on
grandee and at any time you can
see how it was and how it became and
make sure that only the best space has become
over the ridge of ice fire canyons and
jungle mountains grundo grand pique
Arak is all incredibly beautiful
advertised opportunity instantly
raise to level 90 one of the heroes and
immediately send it to 30 as it turned out
great idea
blizzard allowed to overcome almost all
what prevented return to the game for those who
threw it a few additions back
or join the passage of the new
novice content even professions from now on
you can pump from scratch on resources
new world and quite importantly
blizzard brought to mind the season
most of the old players are gone
opportunities to kill for the raid for 5-6 hours
a day but with a garrison present
structure quests and convenient
group search tools
quietly go into the game every day on
half an hour without sacrificing important things
but not depriving myself of pleasure
hide and seek
hail
weigh the supplement for now
it cannot be developed yet
fewer years waiting for us a few large
content patches will finally open
gateway nano jungle history
having interrupted she will get mid
raids development will appear
the remaining models will be updated from
vanilla world of warcraft left
already something warlords of draenor replaced
even character models of ten
prescription with them all disappeared
roughness and roughness original
it remains only what it is doing to this day
one of the best if not the best game
kind of